LastDrive README:

DISCLAIMER:

WITU.NET AND LastDrive's CREATORS ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OF LastDrive.  
IT WAS CREATED SOLEY FOR THE PURPOSE OF KILLING BOREDOM ON A LAZY AFTERNOON AND  
SHOULD NOT, NOT, NOT EVER BE USED ON ANY COMPUTER ANYWHERE.

You are totally responsible for the damages you do with this program, so don't  
come whining to us.






INSTALLATION:





On a USB Drive chosen to ONLY run LastDrive:


Extract LastDrive.zip's files into the root directory of the thumb drive you will  
be running it from. Voila! Installed!





On a USB drive whose sole purpose is NOT to run LastDrive:


Create a directory in your drive's root and extract the contents of LastDrive.zip  
into that directory. After this is done, delete the autorun.inf file located in  
the directory you made earlier.





On a local computer:

NOTE: this is NOT SUGGESTED, it leaves a lot of evidence on the local computer.  
Extract lastdrive.zip into a directory somewhere on the local computer. Delete  
Autorun.inf located in the directory you extracted LastDrive to.





EXRACTING LASTDRIVE:


From a USB which sole purpose is to run LastDrive:



LasdDrive should start up by itself, and tell you that it has successfully  
extracted itself onto the local drive. Sometimes you may get a menu asking you if  
you would like to automatically run the program from the USB. Click yes. If wait  
a few seconds and none of this happens, go to "My Computer", find your drive, and  
manually start "extract.exe".




From a USB which sole purpose is NOT to run LastDrive or a Local Computer:


Manually start Extract.exe from your USB drive  from your LastDrive installation  
directory.





RUNNING AND CONFIGURING LASTDRIVE:

After a successful extraction, LastDrive will prompt you to input various text to  
specify what you would like it to do. It will ask you something along the lines  
of:

Input how long you would like LastDrive to wait before executing in milliseconds:

(1000 = one second, 60000 = one hour)

Input Shock Site URL (with http://)

NOTE if you omit http:// the program will error. (redacted due to github policy) is the  
URL of choice, but others may be substituted.

Once you have entered in the information, LastDrive will give you a last chance  
to abort via taskmanager by popping up a window saying "LastDrive will be  
executed when you press OK" To abort hit ctrl+alt+del and end "LastDrive.exe" in  
processes. Press "OK" if you choose to continue. Once you press OK, you have as  
much time to escape as you had inputted yourself earlier to leave the  
room/building/state. Enjoy


DISCLAIMER:

WITU.NET AND LastDrive's CREATORS ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OF LastDrive.  
IT WAS CREATED SOLEY FOR THE PURPOSE OF KILLING BOREDOM ON A LAZY AFTERNOON AND  
SHOULD NOT, NOT, NOT EVER BE USED ON ANY COMPUTER ANYWHERE.

You are totally responsible for the damages you do with this program, so don't  
come whining to us.
